Hello, are you Russia or not? I’m from
Belarus. I have a White Russian flag.
I understand
that we are in Minsk, we can’t
talk a little freely, because you know, yes, the
country is like that
there. Lukashenka pinches us a little, but how
do you like the songs, how do you listen to the song,
let’s talk normally  now
or do you think you turn on the song
for someone else they will turn on
you specially choose Ukraine in the chat
roulette the
city of Khmelnitsky like Bogdan
Khmelnitsky And what city
are you from
?
there’s a million of us, of
course, it’s not fun And how is it with you
, look how it turns out you are
mobilized there or will you be
mobilized as you think
Yes what No of course they will That
is, yes, that is, it turns out you
will be behind these here 189 you are the next
party so it turns out or how well  after
you, I’m not in a bad sense, you
will be mobilized by the second wave, you
will be mobilized and most likely will be thrown in
the same way  for these attacks, of
course,
10 million people are mobilizing us
for what you can say for
what these guys of yours are so 89 people for
what they died in Ukraine for what
because because the state wants us they still
say 10 million the
state wants I know Putin wants to
send  to seize people specifically
these 89 for the sake of what they
want the state to
continue. You judge for yourself now
here is a question for you,
yes, in your opinion, we
can do something ourselves.
they did
n’t die for anything they didn’t die for
what they fought, well, in fact, we
ourselves, even if we go out, even went
out
that somehow we’ll even
kill the Ukrainians that they’ll kill us, we ourselves
told us from this We did this for these
guys, it makes sense I have Maybe one of these
guys understood th
about his goal to liberate Ukraine from someone, nothing died. For example, my grandfather fought in World War II, he liberated Ukraine from the Nazis from the Germans, everything was clear there, the Germans came here, he liberates, that is, for him, the state also sent him to fight, but he understood goal But for the sake of what these guys were sent Here, according to you, for the sake of what, to leave only Kyiv with you Only Kyiv will remain at the end of the war, damn it 256 10 years there will be a war, but only Kyiv will remain, your Kyiv That is, it turns out that you are ready to die for so that only Kyiv was left to Ukraine, so that’s your personal motivation, we’re not ready, he’s talking about the authorities to [ __ ], which is like this, I’ve decided not to invite for people for people who are yours whom the authorities send to Ukraine to fight for people what’s the point what am I here Listen now here I have a serious question for you then come on and what are you looking at now you yourself were talking about the Second World War what de  d here you fought all the cases But the fact that the Ukrainians here Well, at least I saw the vidos and all the things Okay, the Russian flag, after that, but the USSR and the monuments there were torn down like all the cases more even I personally participated [applause] the monument to Lenin I personally was in my city when they threw me And in Kyiv I was a witness I didn’t participate But I saw it right next to him I was lucky while they threw him and I don’t see everything bad and For example, if we threw off the monuments to Lenin trampled the flag of the USSR in this prison of peoples that killed yours too ancestors and our ancestors, this Stalinist regime, then you need to come to kill us, or what am I talking about now, what does it have to do with coming to kill us, what do you see here, we can do what we want in our country now say you can do everything like this but according to in fact, in fact, the USSR, that’s what it did, freed from fascism Yes, I killed about it, I don’t say anything about it and I killed my own, and even those who fled back and that’s what but in fact and
their fascism was liberated from their hearts, that is, in
your opinion, you are the flag of the USSR [ __ ] top
or [ __ ] But it would be better if there was a fascist
fact or that look, firstly, it was
not the USSR that liberated the world from fascism The
anti-Hitler coalition there were many
countries and France,
here is such a question, let's take a policeman
For example, if
he, for example,
protected someone from a hooligan like that, but
beat his children with a red-hot rod like that,
well, should he be forgiven for beating children with a
maple rod because he
protected someone from a hooligan, no, if we
look at the Soviet Union like that, then the
Soviet Union is not that  during the
war he destroyed our ancestors both before the war and after the war
Stalin's camps
were repressions in the Soviet Union were
were not released people even abroad
other nations were considered dust all this
was It was a prison of nations you are now
living now already in the prototype how to
this  Return the USSR in any case,
look, we can look at the USSR differently,
but you live in the same room.
Your friend is there in another apartment.  I wanted to take a photo in the room I wanted to hang it if we decided, for example, that we don’t need monuments to Lenin, for example, Russia in 91 in Moscow took away the monument to Dzerzhinsky or renamed the Soviet ones Yes, the city of Samara What was it called in the Soviet Union, so look here we don’t say Why did you take the Soviet name Kuibyshev to Samara we don’t bother about wanting to rename it renamed Absolutely right Kalinin was renamed to Tver Leningrad the hero city was renamed some st. we removed the monument to Lenin they removed they wanted to put up another monument put up Why are you running away he is ready to come and pick up or everything is there near Kyiv I wonder if he is ready to come near Kyiv to pick up That is, you want to say if, for example, I’m not called if they call me, I’m like a scare and I’ll run away didn’t say In general, what did you take, we didn’t talk about it at all Well, about
they didn’t talk about it, I said, I talked about why you’re going to die for what I’m here, look, here’s the heaps, I’m sorry of course But for example, I understand yes Russia is there, like [ __ ] well, well, you can say Well, invaded yes dad, well, in fact the USSR what did you freed before that before he occupied us yes And before sir already Ukraine was, as it were, part of Russia The fact is that it was like Come on, don’t tell me Now you’ll be funny Who’s funny but Listen, come on well Where To make you funny say No you say occupied you want to talk Let's [ __ ] on the fact before that I'm now either before the USSR or about Rus' Where to gouge Well let's [ __ ] it Come on Choose about Rus' Let's you where you live in Samara Samara was part of the territory of Rus' Yes take it let's take it A thousand years ago Yes, there was Rus', for example, there Prince Vladimir baptized Rus' in 988 So maybe 5000 years then What was to find asked what was there in your Samara open Rus', see Rus'  to was here on the territory of Ukraine, so it remained, it just began to be called differently people who lived here and live in Ukraine there were no such Russian Federations at all there was no Kievan Rus where the capital of Rus' was at first Dolgoruky made the capital in Moscow in St. Petersburg he wanted make the capital, but then he did in Kyiv again Come on again, Yuri Dolgoruky wanted to make the capital in St. Petersburg Rus', but he did it in Kyiv No, he began to build, he began to build St. Petersburg, he began to build St. Dolgoruky Come on, what year did Yuri Dolgoruky decide to build Peter, and you yourself know Yes, Dial Yuri Dolgoruky builds Peter no [ __ ] planting What year Peter was built What year was Yuri Dolgoruky and what Dolgoruky Peter built Peter yes it turns out already before that a long time ago this was the beginning of the basis, here is Kievan Rus, she was in Kyiv and not in Samara or St. Petersburg True, she was not called But where she was I go
[ __ ] [laughter] go look too before the conversation Let's talk to you now too I know all this is all nonsense Kievan Rus Of course yes there is prince Kyiv So listen to anyone Yes I support I didn't hear About what you were talking about there in general principle well, I don’t support Ukraine, actually, it’s clear I like it, I have no doubt But this type of question will come back And let’s talk with you for now, if you don’t support Ukraine if you are taken to Ukraine to fight for what you potentially will die for what for what was your here if, for example, to reduce the population, it is logical to think that there was a coronavirus there fu Virus It didn’t work out they started Here is a war That is, it turns out that Putin first reduced the population with the help of the coronavirus now with the help of the war Yes yes of cos [ __ ] guys disagree with you disagree And why should Putin reduce the population of Russia, Ukraine, but because the Earth will burst soon? The land is overpopulated just in India on  for example, in Russia you are wastelands how much it is China there they respect 10 children each, they just don’t have a policy of restriction here in India to give birth a lot why Russia gives birth little in Russia So why then should they kill their people to reduce the population damn sorry for Rus' wanted to make the capital in Kyiv but then he did in St. Petersburg then the dude became stupid. This is the intellectual level of all these dudes who